[2.6] Small updates to several guides (#2161)
astronomer/docs: learn/cross-dag-dependencies.md

If your dependent DAG requires a config input or a specific execution date, you can specify them in the operator using the `conf` and `execution_date` params respectively.

:::info

> In Airflow 2.6+ you can turn the TriggerDagRunOperator into a [deferrable operator](deferrable-operators.md) by setting its `deferrable` parameter to `True`. Deferrable operators increase Airflow's scalability and can result in cost savings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Airflow 2.6+, you can turn the TriggerDagRunOperator into a [deferrable operator](deferrable-operators.md) by setting its `deferrable` parameter to `True`. Deferrable operators increase Airflow's scalability and can reduce cost.
```

> In Airflow 2.6+ you can turn the TriggerDagRunOperator into a deferrable operator by setting its `deferrable` parameter to `True`. Deferrable operators are operators using async processes running in the triggerer component of Airflow in order to release worker slots, increasing Airflows efficiency. Learn more in the [Deferrable operators](deferrable-operators.md) guide.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In Airflow 2.6+ you can turn the TriggerDagRunOperator into a [deferrable operators](deferrable-operators.md) by setting its `deferrable` parameter to `True`. Deferrable operators are increase Airflow's scalability and can result in cost savings.
```
